What features do you specifically expect from this system?

Customer: 

I expect the features to improve call routing and dynamic flow control for both
inbound and outbound calls. I expect the calls to match the customer to RM's based on product
knowledge, according to social and cultural factors like age, sex, culture, experience,
etc. I would expect the system to run efficiently and effectively, so it saves time and 
ensures a suitable and fast service. I also expect to matched with a RM that can relate
to me, making the enviornment more comfortable.

RM (Sales Representative):

    To be honest, I'm not sure what to expect. From my understanding the new system
    is supposed to help because it connects me with more suitable clients, either
    because they are interested in the travel packages I specialise in or because I
    speak their preferred language. The latter would be especially useful since it
    would mean I would need to transfer less calls.

    I would also expect the system to work, that's for sure. I wouldn't want to use
    a system that doesn't work all the time. That would make things pointless and
    confusing.

Do you have any concerns regarding any features in other similar systems? Why/why not?

Customer:

The biggest concern i would have is probably privacy, if it is guaranteed that my information 
is secure within the system, then i am fine with sharing it. In other similar systems there
have been a glitches and sometimes customers are matched with wrong representatives, causing
confusion and some awkwardness. Does the system have protocols or facilities in place to 
address last minute problems/glitches?

RM (Sales Representative):

    Some coworkers are nervous about our boss receiving more information about how
    we spend our time here, but we get our work done. Can you guarantee the system
    won't expose any sensitive information?

    I have seen other systems where it learns and changes recommendations as time goes
    by. Does the system learn about me? What does it learn?

Do you think we could incorporate those features and improve it in our system? 

Customer:

Yes for sure, i think incorporating the 'profiler tool' feature for customers can
improve the system as it'll be used as a skill matcher with RM's, which will enable
me, as a customer to get service from someone relatable and who can empathise with me, 
making me feel comfortable. Also, it reduces inbound call costs and saves time for 
manually having to transfer calls- meaning customers won't have to be kept on hold 
(which almost every customer hates).

RM (Sales Representative):

    You should definately incorporate those features. I wouldn't have raised them
    otherwise. I'm not sure about improving them though. It seems to be what everyone
    else is doing, so it sounds like the right way to go. Maybe we could get some
    kind of feedback on what the system thinks about our performance?

What else do you think may incorporate to enhance the system?

Customer:

The ability to give ratings/feedback after a call can enhance the system, as we can
bring up any improvements that can be made about the customer service, whether the RM
we were matched with provided effective service, etc.

RM (Sales Representative):

    Something that remembers regular clients and makes some special notification
    about when they're going to call again would be nice. Or something that tracks
    how long it's been since our last call. It would be great if we could improve the
    experience for our regular customers; they would keep coming back.

How do you feel about learning a new system?

Customer:

I am open to learning a new system, especially if it is likely to make the call flow
more efficient and easier. However, i would be hesitant to share too much information,
but if the system ensures privacy then it is something i am willing to do.

RM (Sales Representative):

    I don't want to have to change the way I do things completely. I want to be
    comfortable doing what I always do. I am willing to learn though.
